Magento-cloud-components: Release 1.0.5 (#7462)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/release-notes/mcc-release-notes.md

The `{{site.data.var.mcc-package}}` package uses the following version sequence: `<major>.<minor>.<patch>`.

> ## v1.0.5

Reviewer: @bbatsche  Is this version OK?

*Release date: June 26, 2020*<br/>

> -  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in package version 1.0.4 with cache flush operation through Fastly extension failing during the deploy phase, causing the deployment to be interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in {{site.data.var.mcc-package}} version 1.0.4 that caused the flush cache operation initiated by the Fastly extension to fail during the deploy phase, which interrupts deployment.
```

> -  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in package version 1.0.4 with cache flush operation through Fastly extension failing during the deploy phase, causing the deployment to be interrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in package version 1.0.4 with cache flush operation failing during the deploy phase, causing the deployment to be interrupted.
```

> -  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in {{site.data.var.mcc-package}} version 1.0.4 that caused the flush cache operation initiated by the Fastly extension to fail during the deploy phase, which interrupts deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in {{site.data.var.mcc-package}} version 1.0.4 that caused the flush cache operation to fail during the deploy phase, which interrupts deployment.
```

> -  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in {{site.data.var.mcc-package}} version 1.0.4 that caused the flush cache operation initiated by the Fastly extension to fail during the deploy phase, which interrupts deployment.

Reviewer 3: The last clause indicates the the deploy phase interrupts deployment. perhaps a little fix...

```suggestion
-  {:.fix}Fixed an issue introduced in {{site.data.var.mcc-package}} version 1.0.4 that caused the flush cache operation initiated by the Fastly extension to fail during the deploy phase, interrupting the deployment process.
```
